### 1. What is the difference between private, internal, public and external functions?   
Private can only be used internally within the current contract, and cannot be called by derived contracts inheritance; internal can be called by the current contract and derived contracts; public public can be called by both inside and outside the contract and derived contracts; external is only provided for external calls and cannot be called from within the contract. All interface functions must be declared external.
### 4. What are the major changes to arithmetic operations in Solidity version 0.8.0?
Answer:From Solidity 0.8.0, arithmetic operations are rolled back on underflows and overflows. This means that if the result of an arithmetic operation is outside the range of its data type, the operation will fail and be rolled back. Before Solidity 0.8.0, 
integer underflows and overflows are allowed without causing errors. To avoid this, Solidity 0.8.0 has arithmetic operation checking enabled by default. If you need to use old arithmetic operations, you can use unchecked{... } statement block
### 5. What special CALL does the agent need to work?
Answer:There are three call functions in Solidity that can implement function calls between contracts, they are call, delegatecall, and callcode. Among them, delegatecall is a special call method that allows us to load and call code from another contract in the context of the primary contract. The code of the called contract is executed, but any state changes made by the called contract are actually made in the storage of the master contract, not the storage of the called contract
